Server Scoped Subscriptions Server Config (#9891)
medplum/medplum: packages/docs/docs/self-hosting/server-config.md

**Default:** `false`

### serverScopedSubscriptionsEnabled

> Flag to enable server-scoped rest-hook Subscriptions. When enabled, the subscription worker evaluates not only the subscriptions within a resource's own project, but also "server-scoped" subscriptions that are not scoped to any project (i.e. stored in the system project). This allows a single set of subscriptions to fire for changes across every project on the server, which is useful for large self-hosted deployments that use a project-per-tenant model but need a central data-processing flow for all tenants.

Reviewer: You're more familiar with the docs than I am, so maybe what you had is how we refer to system resources, but there technically isn't a system project; they are resources not part of any project.

```suggestion
Flag to enable server-scoped rest-hook Subscriptions. When enabled, the subscription worker evaluates not only the subscriptions within a resource's own project, but also "server-scoped" subscriptions that are not scoped to any project (i.e. a system resource created by a super admin). This allows a single set of subscriptions to fire for changes across every project on the server, which is useful for large self-hosted deployments that use a project-per-tenant model but need a central data-processing flow for all tenants.
```
